Chapter Four

Morning came quickly. Tom found himself back out on the road. Closing the 
door to the church, he noticed claw marks along it. They hadn’t been there 
the night before. Tom shook his head. Monsters. Demons. Out and ready for 
blood. They managed not to get him, that was okay for now. But knowing they 
were on his tail was unsettling.

Tom thought he left the demons behind six cities ago. Showed how much he 
knew about everything that was taking place. Tom sighed. He decided it best 
to move on. This town had little to show him. That was okay, he was used to 
it. He didn’t notice the little girl playing in an open field as he left. She 
would remember him later though. Oh how she would remember him.

The girl watched Tom go. I did too. We looked at each other. I knew what 
was running through her mind. It wasn’t difficult to understand. Her eyes 
said it all.

I knew the girl for years before this. I suppose she wasn’t a girl, more 
like a young woman. She was dressed in red, the color of blood. Tom would 
regret not noticing her. She would regret what had to be done. But it was all 
part of the science of life. No one would expect anything else from her. 
That’s just how life was for her.

It’s amusing Tom has never seen me. I’ve seen him on several occasions, but 
to this day he has never even taken notice of me. I’m far from a guardian 
angel, but I do watch over him. Some would consider it stalking. I figured it 
was something much different. Stalking is when you are desperate. What I do? 
I’m looking out for Tom. His best interests are at the center of my heart. 
Now if only he would listen to me. You could say I’m a conscience of sorts. 
Oh Tom, if only he would actually care to listen.

Naturally he doesn’t listen. Which is to be expected when you’re in the 
line of work I am. That’s okay though. The day he does eventually listen, I 
imagine all hell will break lose. Or is it that hell would freeze over? One 
of the two. Either way that day was a long ways off. I knew this from the 
moment I set eyes on the lad.

"Do you think he will ever change?" The woman asked me.

I didn’t know her name. I only called her Susan. Suzie for short.

I shrugged a response. "Dunno Suzie. He might if the time is right. If it’s 
not? Then he’ll end up like the rest of them."

Suzie picked up a doll. It was wearing a dress similar to her own. We had 
joked over the years the doll was her voodoo doll from a previous life. She 
never did tell me where the doll came from or how it came to be in her 
possession.

Best I didn’t know I guess. Oh well, if she wanted me to know she would 
tell me. Suzie was silly like that. She kept most things to herself. I can 
count only on one hand where she actually trusted me with information about 
her life. It wasn’t much to go on, but it was enough to realize just how 
private of a person she was.

I laughed at the thought. Here we were watching Tom go through his life, 
and she hardly even told me anything about herself. Goes to show, not 
everyone wants you to have a peek into what makes them unique to the rest of 
the world. That’s fine by me. If she don’t want to tell, she don’t have to.

Whatever the case, Tom was on his way to another place. Somewhere he would 
hopefully find shelter if anything. Yes, shelter was good for him. He just 
had to find the right place to sit down and relax. Stop running from the 
world. Who was to say the end was right? I didn’t have all the answers. Suzie 
sure as hell didn’t have the answers. Everything would come to a standstill, 
then we would know.

At that moment, we would have all the answers laid out before us. That was 
fine if you were into that. I’m not sure if she was. I know I wasn’t. I 
prefer to have a grasp of everything going on around me instead of guessing. 
But well, that’s just me.
