Chapter One

The day began like any other day. People were singing in the street. They 
didn't know what else to do. They were people. Why bother with anything else 
if you were just people? Exactly. They wanted to know what was out there. But 
didn't want to bother with having to find out. They were content. Who would 
have thought the human race would be content? No body thought that. They 
didn't believe in being happy. Everyone was sad at one point or another.

Could you blame them for living such a life? I couldn't. I mean honestly, who 
would have thought people could expect to live such a long silly life like 
that? Who was to know of the things they would have to endure over the years? 
Well, when the evil people came home from the plains. That was a different 
time and place altogether. Maybe it was time the people would understand and 
grasp where they came from and where they were headed.

Ah the obvious option came to them all. But who would listen? I was not one 
to grasp such a concept as religion. Neither were those around me. But I had 
a feeling it was something that would come out of the woodworks eventually. 
People wanted to be led by some kind of being greater than the sum of their 
own parts. If religion was the way to get there? Then by all means, religion 
would be what they would get.

People cheered at the thought. No one understood why religion had to be part 
of their society though. It was simply something they wanted.

I remember the day loud and clear. It was like a raging vessel came roaring 
over the crowded highway. Thousands of people entered the valley where we 
stood. Behind them were thousands more eventually making their way across the 
great United States. All in an effort to seek out religion. It had been years 
since anyone had come to the knowledge of worshiping. It was time they 
actually put those years to practice.

It was not quite an easy feat mind you. People wanted to be led by any 
doctrine that suited them. Some wished to simply be left alone without 
trouble. Others wanted to be commanded in all things. Every aspect of their 
life to be laid out before them. It was quite ridiculous what some of these 
thoughts these people had. But they were determined to figure it all out and 
hopefully make something of themselves as they did so. Whatever the case, it 
was quite marvelous a time to be alive and to experience it all. I was amused 
by the people and their ways.

Then there was the man everyone called Crazy Tom. It was more of a title than 
anything else. But well, Tom was crazy. Imagine that. He was so crazy that 
everyone believed things he would say. A bit on the odd side for sure.

Tom believed in too many different things in order to make sense. Well, he 
wanted to make sense. But he didn't. At the end of the day, his type of sense 
wasn't any sense at all. You'd think something would come of it. Anything 
that actually came from any of it ended up in the wash, and Tom was there 
floating down the river like nothing had happened.

Most people thought he was harmless. A few actually believed the words he was 
saying. But there were others which believed in their own ways. Their own 
works as it were. Tom wouldn't have anything to do with other religions. He 
believed everything would come to a head as it was meant to be. If it was his 
way, that was fine. If it wasn't? That was alright too.

Okay, maybe Tom wasn't in it all for the right purpose. Perhaps, and I say 
this lightly, he was in it for gain. All kinds of gain. Who was to know 
exactly why Tom did what he did. There were reasons beyond reasons no one 
could explain fully. Who was to understand or grasp all which had occurred 
over the years? Who was to say Tom was in an accurate mental state? I 
wouldn't be able to judge him at all. I was the kind who would rather judge a 
book by its contents than its cover. If one were to judge Tom by his cover, 
he would have been hung for murder years ago. But well, that's another story 
for another time.

Speaking of other times, Tom could be a loose cannon. Given the right 
circumstance, he wouldn't think twice about selling his own kin if it gave 
him a leap forward in life. Shoot, I heard he once sold his grandfather to an 
auction house. Said he was good for testing out old furniture, being old 
himself. Or something like that. I couldn't recall the exact words, but well 
that's how it went. Don't know if his grandpa survived the ordeal or not. 
Personally I bet he didn't. Those auction houses could be mean SOBs. You'd 
have to go to the right one in order to get a good price or a fair deal, and 
there weren't many like that around.

To say this life made sense by any rational means, that was absurd. Tom knew 
this. He knew so much in his lifetime. Tom knew more than he should have 
known. He was somewhat of a scholar on the subject of human behavior, 
betrayal, and loyalty. An odd concept if you ask me. But it is what he 
enjoyed, so who was I to stop him. Since this is his story, I do believe Tom 
deserves the credit to which credit is due. He wouldn't ever tell you that. 
No, he was a bit reserved when it came down to credit. Tom would have you 
believe he wasn't the outgoing man he actually was. This was simply so he 
could sit back in the shadows and observe people. It was the easiest way to 
do things wasn't it? Sit back, watch and observe people as they went about 
their daily routines. Yes, Tom was much smarter than he looked.

Taking people as they actually were allowed him to strike when the moment was 
right. He could tell people's expertise and their downfalls easily. The 
quicker he could destroy them.
