Chapter Two

There was a day in which all of the people who had come over the mountain 
came down unto the town center. Tom stood in the center of it all. His hand 
outstretched as he asked for attention from the people. Tom demanded their 
attention more than asked it. But he wouldn't tell you that. No, Tom would 
simply tell you he politely asked for their respect.

The people of the town looked at Tom with various quizzical expressions on 
their faces. It was to be expected.

It had been a good number of years since anyone had used the town center 
for any kind of meeting. It wasn't any kind of official meeting mind you, but 
a simple gathering the towns people would enjoy. At least Tom hoped they 
would enjoy it.

"People of Midtown." Tom began. "I come unto you in order to perceive if 
you are the people I have looked for!"

It wasn't Tom's usual type of opening. I was amused he was even at the 
center of attention. Looking around, I saw that a number of the townsfolk 
didn't care for what he was saying. He would have his fifteen minutes of 
fame, at which point Tom would exit the stage and probably never be heard 
from again.

Tom's smile ceased. These obviously weren't the people he was looking for. 
It was a shame to see him quietly step down from the platform. His shoulders 
hung low. His head face down towards the earth. Tom was disappointed with all 
he had come to know over the course of his years in town.

He would blame it on the new comers. Those seeking out religion in their 
awakening of such a revival. Tom would let it go eventually. On his deathbed. 
But not a second before that.

To live a life with such heartache and venom buried deep inside. That was 
no way to live a life. Tom was disappointed in himself most of all. Here he 
had watched the townspeople for years. Took notes of them. Waited for the 
right moment. When that moment came, he buckled. Whether it be under pressure 
or something else. That remained to be seen.

Midtown had its growing to do. It wouldn't change over night. Maybe if Tom 
gave it another couple of years, the people would change.

I would have given them that much at least.

Tom didn't see the same as I did. Instead he packed up his things and went 
abroad. Out of the town, Tom rode away. His belongings packed away in a 
simple bag which Tom slung over his shoulder. The breeze that day wasn't as 
bad as usual. Most days the wind would knock a man like Tom off his bike and 
down into a ditch. No, today was quite mild.

Down the road, Tom came upon a small turtle attempting to cross. Reaching 
down to pick up the turtle, Tom smiled.

"Where ya going little fella?"

The turtle didn't respond, thankfully. Had it, Tom would have dropped him. 
Turtles don't talk. At least they didn't back in 1993. Turtles wouldn't learn 
to talk for another hundred or so years.

Setting the turtle back down, Tom continued on his way. He imagined the 
turtle saying thank you. Tom tilted his hat to the creature. The turtle 
simply continued along the road.

Swerving around the turtle, Tom continued along his way. Onto the next town 
as it were.

The turtle watched him go. Spitting on the ground, the turtle squeaked at 
Tom as he left.

Tom sighed. "Whatever little buddy. Whatever. That's the last time I try 
and help you out." He didn't expect the turtle to do anything but continue to 
move forward with his life. Just how Tom was supposed to do. Go forward 
without looking back.
