Chapter Three

Upon reaching the next town, Tom found the closest supermarket. It was closed 
down. Since times got tough and the world had almost destroyed itself, most 
places were just closed without any warning. People packed up and left. 
That's all there was to it.

He didn't care much for it all. Times were tough. Whatever people did, they 
did because it suited them and was the best thing for them.

Tom looked through the windows anyhow. Sometimes there were things left 
behind he could scavenge. Nothing this time. Tom tapped the glass door and 
walked away. Oh well, maybe next time.

Next up was the newspaper office. A single newspaper was laying out front. 
Picking up the newspaper, Tom read the headlines. He shrugged. All about the 
end of the world. It was the Northwestern Times.

Fire broke out this morning at a local gas station while people looked on. 
It isn't known if the fire was started by arson or if the pumps exploded. The 
manager of the gas station had no comment on the matter.

Teenage uprisings have occurred more frequently since the shut down of the 
local teen help center. Parents at a loss of what to do with their kids.

The articles continued on. Tom kept reading until one article caught his 
attention. It was in an article called Ask Ed.

Greetings people of Northwestern. As the world appears to be coming to an 
end, I find myself in an unfortunate circumstance. I've been reporting the 
news here since the early eighties when life seemed a bit easier.

I regret to inform you I will no longer be submitting columns to this 
newspaper. As most people have been doing, I too am leaving for a different 
environment. Something a bit more peaceful. I hear Canada is accepting 
citizens into their borders. After these recent elections, I simply cannot 
continue with good conscience. Seeing how the country has been going downhill 
as of late, I simply cannot be part of it. Cities have been destroyed, armies 
and militias have risen to counteract the government. They say it's going to 
be World War III soon.

We are at the end of times.

So I bid you farewell and hope all is better when and if we get through 
this.

Goodbye my friends.

Ed.

Tom chuckled at the thought. Imagine people heading to Canada. That didn't 
last long. With the influx of people, Canada closed their borders right quick 
and shot people on sight when they even attempted to enter the country. At 
least they apologized as they shot people.

It wasn't quite World War III, but it was darn close. People were left for 
dead. Those who couldn't survive on their own were denied help. It was a sad 
time for the world, a very sad time.

Tom dropped the newspaper. No need in keeping the past with him. He 
continued walking.

Near the end of the block was a run down church. The sign out front said 
Cast aside your demons, come sit with us. Tom walked inside the church. 
Taking off his hat, he sat at one of the pews near the door.

Tom hadn't been a God fearing man in his life. He didn't see the need to 
be. Life was going to run its course no matter who said what and which side 
you were on. As long as you were a good person, that's really all that 
mattered to Tom. He couldn't say the same for those around him. Most people 
didn't enjoy being told what to do. Times were changing though. Like the 
crowd in the last city who wanted to be taught religion. Like it was their last 
final hope in life. Tom figured, if you weren't doing it before now was too 
late to start following the Bible. At least that's how he felt about it.

The church was abandoned. Cracked stained glass allowed light in. He 
imagined what the preacher's last sermon was about. Probably something to do 
with the end of times and fire and brimstone. It was the typical sermon for 
the occasion, or for any Sunday actually.

Tom had heard it all before, nothing new had been said in the past twenty 
years. It was always the same sermon over and over again. Tom figured if the 
people weren't listening, why teach something new until they got and 
understood what was being taught down to a T.

Being a drifter, Tom saw the worst in people, he also noticed their best. 
Either way, if people didn't listen to those trying to counsel them, they 
were lost.

Lowering his head, Tom said a silent prayer. He hoped someone was there to 
listen to him. If they weren't, then the prayer would be said in vain. Oh 
well, it didn't hurt for him to try. Tom wished he could go back in time and 
change things. Fix the world before it ended up like this. But that wasn't a 
possibility. At least he didn't believe it was.

How could he even attempt to change something that had happened? There was 
no going back. Society had made its bed and now it had to sleep in it. Talk 
about an ongoing nightmare. One of the likes you couldn't read about anymore. 
Books had been banned, all forms of entertainment had been cut off. The new 
regime as it were, was the only thing people had been allowed to listen to or 
read. Ugly propaganda popped its head up at the rudest times in the course of 
history. All because the government decided to get cheeky with its neighbors.

Tom shook his head. What had society become? It was really the worst of 
times to be alive. He lost track of the number of friends who had died over 
the years simply because they didn't want to belong to the New America which 
had proudly stomped its flag over the mass amounts of bodies trying to stop 
it from happening.

When the war started, if you weren't part of it or didn't support it you 
were against it. Tom stood proud with his fellow soldiers in arms. He 
expected to die during mass conflict. Well that didn't happen. Every time Tom 
thought his number was up, there was some angel there to save his life.

Flicking a hymnal with his fingers, Tom wanted to scream. Angels saving him 
while his brothers in arms died? It wasn't fair. No one asked for that to 
happen. It was a mess. A complete shame of a mess and no one had the power to 
change any of it.

The big wigs sat in their comfy chairs over in Washington. Through their 
eyes, everything was fine with the world. Sure there were a matter of issues 
here and problems there, but they didn't see the big picture. No, they were 
too busy planning their next event.

When Tom had enough of it all, the war, the deaths, the needless end of 
life. He decided that was it. That's when he packed up his gear and left for 
countries unknown. A place to settle down and find something better to do 
with his time.

The military would consider him MIA until they figured out he was still 
alive. At which point they would call him a traitor. One who left his post in 
time of need. In the middle of battle. A coward. Tom had a death threat 
hanging over his head. A sentence to be carried out by anyone who recognized 
him. You could say he was public enemy number one, if that were still a 
thing. But well, time had settled down a bit with going after those bastards. 
Tom was in a league by himself.

It amazed me he even stood in front of people trying to get their 
attention. Was it a death wish? I don't know. Whatever it was, Tom had the 
balls to go through with it. If they found him, and he died so be it.

Again, those damn angels managed to keep him alive. No one noticed or saw 
him. So Tom was here sitting in a church praying his heart out to some 
unknown God asking why his life had been spared so many times.

Personally I wish I could tell you. But no one knows the mind of God. He 
only knows what's going on in people's life and for what reason.

Tom fell right into that boat.

Night soon came, Tom was still sitting in the church. It was dark out. He 
decided to wait the night out there. No reason to risk his life out in the 
world.

Boarding up the door as best he could, Tom tried to find a place to lay 
down that was somewhat comfortable. He did so yawning. Night was the only 
time his mind could rest. Night was when his inner demons would be quiet.
