Chapter Five

The next city held little interest from the citizens. It was full of people 
at least. Most stared at Tom as he entered. A new comer like him was bound to 
be all kinds of trouble.

Well, almost all kinds of trouble. Tom wasn't your typical new comer. He 
was new, this was true. But he sure wasn't anyone to be reckoned with.

Tom didn't mind the people. He didn't really have a care for what they had 
or didn't have to sell. If they were selling anything that is. Tom wanted to 
simply be on his way through the town and allow it to be whatever it was 
meant to be. Life was simple. Life was to be enjoyed. Tom knew this, the 
townsfolk knew this. It wasn't too odd of a thing to believe in what he did.

Living a life as Tom did, one wasn't meant to question much. He accepted 
this fact. If you didn't question anything, you didn't gather much knowledge. 
If, on the other hand, you ended up questioning things in life. Well, that 
came to be something a bit different. In order to question things, Tom had to 
realize most of his life was a lie to begin with. It wasn't an easy thing to 
recognize. For the most part, Tom lived as he was accustomed to living. If he 
wanted to go somewhere, he went. If he wanted to eat something, he ate. There 
wasn't much anyone could do to stop him from living life.

Most people didn't understand this concept. How could a person simply go 
and be what he wanted to be? What could cause someone to be so caught up in 
their own life not to be worried about others? Too many questions from too 
many people on a subject no one really wanted an answer for.

It was as simple as that.

Tom waited a bit. It was still early. People were waking up for the day. He sat 
by the door of a church. Surely people would come to the church eventually. With 
the end of times, there was bound to be someone who needed to believe in 
something. Tom didn't believe, but that didn't matter.

That's when it hit him. Literally hit him. A book. Tom, rubbing his head, picked 
the book up from the ground. He read the title Holy Bible. Tom laughed at the 
notion.

It had been years since he picked up a bible. Oh well, Tom thought, what's it 
going to hurt?

Cracking open  the book, Tom read the first passage aloud.

"In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth."

Tom nodded. Yep sounds about right. God created everytting.? He continued 
reading.

"His children were but seedlings, waiting to be sprouted upon that which was 
called the earth."

Tom looked in shock. What? Scratching his head he wondered. That's not how he 
recalled the bible reading. Flipping through the book, Tom noted it was a bit 
different than anything which he had before read in the bible.

Granted that was many years ago when Tom was younger, but still it had been 
changed somehow.

"Interesting."

A man wearing clergy robes walked up to Tom. "Oh hello son." He said. "I don't 
recognize you."

Tom shrugged at the bald headed man. "Nor I you good sir." He said. "Name's 
Tom."

The man smiled at him. "Have you come to confess your sins?"

Tom stood from his seat on the step. "My... sins?"

The man nodded. "Yes, Tom everyone sins. I'm Father Sean."

Unlocking the door to the church, Father Sean held out a hand. "Come in my son, 
let's talk."

Tom followed the priest in the church. As the door closed behind him, Tom could 
only feel the depths of dispair circling around him. He couldn't breathe. The 
church was vibrant. Unlike any of the previous churches he had since visited. It 
was something else.

"Father," Tom said. "Every church I've been to... they've been."

Sean cut Tom off. "Run down?" He nodded. "I know."

Tom stood in disbelief. "Yet your church isn't." He marvled at the craftmanship 
of the stained glass window, the angels hanging from the ceilings. "Why is 
that?"

Sean shrugged. "Oh that's not important." He said. "What is important, is I'm 
here and I'm doing Gods work." He gestured to the bible Tom had in his hand. "I 
see you are a believer?"

Tom shook his head. "No, I found this bible outside." He said.

"Ah." Sean replied.

Tom handed the book to the priest. "Here, it's of no use to me."

Sean waved his hand. "No my son, you keep the book. I insist."

Tom placed the book in his pocket. Right. Of course the priest wanted him to 
keep the book. He would probably want to take whatever money Tom had later. It 
was their way.

"Now about that confession." The priest said.

Tom sat down in a pew. Good a time as any, he decided.

"Father, I've never confessed a sin. I don't believe people do sin. I believed  
in a higher being, until the recent war I thought that higher being actually 
listened to his children." Tom said. He looked down, understanding what he was 
admitting. "Well, I don't believe that now."

The priest nodded. "I see." He rubbed his temples. It was going to be one of 
those sermons which he would have to give. He smiled. It didn't matter. As long 
as he brought another soul to Christ, that's all he cared about.

"What do you know about Jesus?" The priest asked.

Tom shook his head. Great, one of these things. He nodded. Okay. Fine I'll play. 
"Jesus Christ was, known to you, the Son of God. He came here to die for 
people."

The priest nodded. Well the kid wasn't an idiot. He'd give him that. "And?"

Shrugging his shoulders, Tom sighed. "What? What more do you want? Isn't that 
enough?" He stood and began pacing back and forth. Who knew the priest could 
already upset him. Wasn't it Tom who wanted to be doing the teaching? "Look sir, 
I didn't want to have a conversation like this." He paused. Memories came to his 
mind. "Too many bad things have happened in the name of Christ."

The priest nodded. "Perhaps." He reached for the bible. "I am the way, the 
truth, and the life, no man cometh unto the father but by me." He cited. "It's a 
good scripture, don't you believe in that at least?"

"Maybe."
