                               God The Father
                               Kyle Eggleston
                                May 24, 2018

1. Here is the nature of God. He is the father of our spirits. He is our
Heavenly Father.

2. God has a body of flesh and bone. We learn He is an exalted man who once
lived on an earth. He gained an experience just like we are doing here.

3. This is not meant to dimish the role of God in our lives. He ordered the
creation of the earth and everything on it. Nothing was made except God
commanded it.

4. God speaks to His propehts and apostles through Jesus Christ. All things
are done through His Son.

5. We learn from scripture, God is a jealous God. He wants us to worship Him
and Him alone. God's of gold, metal, wood; etc. are not to be worshiped. God
is the only one whom we worship.

6. It is told in the scriptures God has spoken to His prophets face to face.
God spoke with Adam and Eve face to face. God has the face of a man.

7. We learn from Exodus God has hands and a back. More proof that we are
made in His image.

8. God has passions. He can be angered against His children. This is how the
flood came about in the time of Noah. The people were wicked and so God
caused it to rain on the earth and flood it, killing all of the wicked
people.

9. God made a promise to the people of the earth that He would not cause a
flood to destroy the human race again. This was done by a symbol, a bow in
the sky.

10. Throughout the scriptures, prophets have declared the will of God, they
have taught of God. The Holy Ghost has testified of the truths spoken.

11. God has been and will ever be. He has passed through His mortal test and
became God. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. His ways do not
change for He is the same from everlasting to everlasting.

12. Some will ask, How can He have been mortal if He is unchanging from
everlasting to everlasting? The answer is simple. God's ways do not change.
It has been since the beginning, which is difficult since there is no
beginning nor is there an end.

13. The glory of god is intelligence.

14. Thanks to the Holy Ghost, who is a spirit, God is ever present with us.

15. God is aware of all things from the beginning of the world for He was
there at the onset of creation.

16. God loved the world so much that He gave His Only Begotten Son to die
for the sins of the world.

17. When God will appear then we will have a personal witness of the truth
that we are like Him, for we will see Him as He is.

18. Now it is said that no man hath seen God. We know from modern day, this
is not the case. Those who believe are able to see God. When God does reveal
Himself, He is bearing record of the Son. Thus the wicked will not see God
in this lifetime. But he which is of God has seen the Father. 