                             Hello World
                           Kyle Eggleston
                            May 24, 2018

	Why does this life appear to be crazy at times? There doesn't need
to be such crazyness around. Think about the world for a moment. What do 
we know about the world? How old is the Earth? We don't have an exact
number or science to it. There have been bones found millions of
years later from what was supposed to be one of the first humans on
the Earth.
	Which brings up a question, if bones from over millions of years
ago could be discovered, why can't bones from a huge battle only
thousands of years ago not be found? Where are those bones and
history? If they truely existed on this continent, the American
continent as we are told, where are those evidence of war as it were?
	Such an interesting question.
	Some would have you believe those things didn't happen. Perhaps
they occured on a different Earth? We know Jesus Christ came to our
Earth because we were the most wicked of the wicked that we would
crucify Him.
	There are other of God's creations out there. Who's to say that
Nephi, Lehi etc. didn't live and exist on those other worlds and we
simply have a record of that world? It's an interesting thought. I
don't know how plausable it is, or how feasable it is. But it can be
an interesting thought.
	Aside from that, life comes and goes as it pleases. Long gone are
the facts that the world was flat. That has been disproven by
science. Science can prove a lot of things, it can disprove a lot of
things. God relies on science. He is bound by the laws which science
puts forth.
	There is no disputing this. God cannot change the universal laws
that are in order and must be maintained. To do so would be to break
the rules. God doesn't disobey, that's how He became God to begin
with. He obeyed the rules and progressed line upon line, precept upon
precept just like anyone else who travels the Earth this day.
	So, what are we to believe regarding this life? Who are we to
trust? How are we to proceed when it comes to living the laws that
God has set forth? Are we really an agent controlled by a single
source of religion as it were?
	What about seeking out from the good sources of the world? What
about finding truth and holding onto that truth which can make us
free from the evils of the devil? Is truth to be sought only from one
source? If it is not? Then why cannot we look to those other sources
for guidance, for light, for knowledge?
	Yes, I understand there are times when you do not wish to learn
from sources which are not good for you. Such things would lead you
down a terrifying path to destruction which you do not wish to
follow. There are many organizations out there which are good and
praiseworthy. Was it not the Prophet Joseph Smith that penned "If
there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or
praiseworthy, we seek after these things." (AofF 1:13)
	One would think we do? I mean, how difficult is it to read
something, make a determination on it if it is right and just, and
then to act upon that? If it is not right and just, you are able to
discard it.
	So, this begs the question. What do you do with the truth once you
find it? Are you to shout it from the rooftops as it were? How do you
handle truth? Where do you find truth? How is truth obtained?
	Very important questions to be had among anyone. It doesn't matter
what your religious affiliations are, if you are a seeker of the
truth you will find it. What you do with that truth is what's
important.