Living a Life That's Free - Kyle Eggleston - Tue May 22, 2018

  In order to live a life that's free of guilt and pain, one must accept
the guilt and pain come from another source. That source can be from their
own mind but their mind was conditioned to believe such a thing existed in
the first place. Call this indoctrination, call it evil doing on someone's
part. Call it whatever you will. But to accept this as truth, is the first
step to freeing your mind of guilt and pain.
  Grief has it's own place in the mind. That can occur due to realizing your
mind has been playing tricks on you this whole time. Conditioning can be a
very evil thought. A process upon which life comes and goes but you are
stuck to it. To be conditioned is not a good thing. Conditioning can take
the form of many different paths. Some of which are downright manipulative.
  Allow me to illustrate.
  Bobby wants to please his parents. He wants to be the good boy. Always
choosing the right as it were. His parents take a thumb screw approach to
Bobby's life. They enroll him in everything they want him to be in. They
want him to take all of the classes of their choosing. Extra cirricular
activities are what they want, ignoring Bobby's thoughts and feelings.
  Bobby grows tired of the classes and the activities. He wants to march to
the beat of his own drum. His parents disapprove of such behavior. They
won't stand for it. Afterall, it was they who chose this path for Bobby and
they expect Bobby to be happy with it.
  After a while, Bobby shows signs of depression and some mild anxiety. He
doesn't want to live by his parents rules any longer. However he lives under
their house. Bobby begins to experiment with things. Nothing harmful to his
knowledge. His parents find out and they flip. Instead of accepting Bobby
for who he is, who he wants to become, they double down as it were. They
enforce the rules stricter. His parents destroy Bobby from within without
even realizing what they're doing. Eventually Bobby is left to his own
devices and finds a way out. It isn't pretty.
  Now what I've described can be considered a bit extreme. I didn't say what
Bobby chose to do at the end. That's for you to decide. I hope you'll be
nice to Bobby. A happy, peaceful ending is all he ever wanted in life. His
parents, even though they thought they were doing the right thing, were in
the wrong. Forcing your child to think and believe in the same things you
do? That's not the best experience in life to be had.
  Forcing a child to act a certain way, it takes away their agency. Agency
is what is needed most in a child's life. To be able to choose which path
they wish to take. It's not something which can be forced upon someone.
Forcing them to do your will and your bidding will only be harmful in the
end.
  I wish more parents would understand this concept. It's not that
difficult. I mean yeah if you go out and murder someone, that's not cool.
That's not right at all. You can't be doing that. But again, that's an
extreme to be taken into account.
  Before you restrict someone to your will, forcing them to go somewhere
they don't want to go. Think of how you would handle the situation. Would
you want someone to force your hand at every turn in your life? I doubt you
would handle that very well.
  I can only guess why a parent would do such a thing. Perhaps they were
raised the same way. It was their parents way or the highway. Why, how would
a parent allow that kind of thinking to continue down the line to their own
kids?
  Obviously the extreme is not the best way to think about things. I believe
that's how parents get to be to the point they're at. Feeding off of one
extreme to the next causes issues. Not everything which comes into a
person's life will be choosing between life or death. That's just not how it
works.
  Telling your child you will drag them into heaven even if they are kicking
and screaming? Wow. Just wow. What kind of loving parent would do that? If
the child doesn't want to believe in that version of heaven, why force it
upon them? Would they be truely happy knowing they were forced into a heaven
they didn't fully believein? Would they feel welcomed there? It's an
interesting thought to be sure.