+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                             Sun May 20, 2018 |
|                                                                              |
| The Law                                                       Kyle Eggleston |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

1. The bible teaches that the truth shall set you free. We should actively seek 
after and look for the truth.

2. Indeed if it is wholesome material, we are to look for and search and seek 
after it. If we do not seek after light and truth, or those things which help 
bring light into our lives then we do not deserve the truth.

3. Once we have the truth, we must act upon that knowledge. If the truth is good 
and praiseworthy, we are under obligation to grab hold of it and live up to its 
principles.

4. Not all truth or fact is good. Some history should not be repeated thus we 
should avoid such things. Knowledge of them can prove beneficial, but knowing to 
avoid such matters is also good and well.

5. Truth will show itself by the fruits borne from it. If it is a just truth the 
fruit will be deisreable for all to partake of. However if the truth is not 
good, the fruit thereof will be spoiled and rotten. It is by this simple test we 
are able to distinguish between the two.

6. That which is of God will always be just and good. The truth is not always 
just and good nor are facts. Truth and facts of a matter can both hbe wrong and 
harmful to an individual.

7. Thus we must seek out the truth which is bright and helps us move forward in 
this life. It is up to us to avoid evil and those truths which would bring harm 
into our lives.

8. Indeed the good truth we seek will be a shining beacon unto us. We are to 
embrace those truths.

9. There are feelings which can come from God and feelings which can come from 
the devil. I hope we can always seek and find those feelings which come from our 
Heavnly Father and not those found from the father of lies.

10. When we find the truth we are to help spread it far and wide. It is up to us 
to help spread forth the good word of the Lord Jesus Christ.

11. For in Adam all die, even so in Christ will all be made alive.

12. Jesus preached unto the people on two continents. The Jews of the old world 
and the Gentiles on the American Continent.

13. His message is still burning bright unto this day. Come unto me all which 
are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Behold you my yoke is easy and my 
burden is light.

14. Christ hopes and beckons us all to find Him. I dare say He commands us all 
to come unto Him. This is His mission which continues today.

15. If we find Christ we will find peace, joy, love. The Holy Ghost will testify 
of the truthfulness of all things unto us.

16. We become His through the redemption of our spirits as we take upon us the 
name of Christ and embrace and accept the Atonement into our lives.

17. After this, not all is done. We must go forth feasting upon the words of 
Christ. We are to be steadfast and unmoving. For the words of Christ speak unto 
us out of the dust what we should do in our day.

18. We know by the mouth of two or three witnesses shall all of God's words be 
established. These witnesses are the Bible, the Book of Mormon, and the living 
prophets and apostles upon the Earth in this the last dispensation of the 
fullness of times.

19. That which is given of God is good, wholesome, full of love and honesty. 
Indeed it is the righteous truth upon which the gospel of Jesus Christ is 
founded.

20. Christ spoke the righteous truth wherever He went. Not everyone followed 
Him. Some of His followers even walked away because they felt what He taught was 
a hard thing to hear.

21. Even though they turned their backs on Him. He has not turned His back on 
them. Christ stands at the door knocking, inviting us all to forget ourselves 
and follow Him.

22. He set the example we should follow. He is the way, the truth, and the life. 
No man can come unto the Father but by Him.

23. Jesus knows us and the trials which we face day in and day out. He has felt 
our pain, our grief, our hardships, our sorrow. He went through it all so we 
might be able to come back into God's presence again.

24. Were it not for His ultimate sacrifice, we would not be saved in the kingdom 
of our Father in Heaven.

25. Jesus overcame two deaths. A spiritual death and a physical death. These two 
deaths came about by the fall of Adam and Eve.

26. By default, everyone who comes to this earth, who kept their first estate, 
is subject to death. There is no escaping it. We all die. That is the process we 
go through to transition into the next life to enter the Spirit World.

27. By giving up His life through death on the cross, and taking it up again by 
the resurrection, Christ has overcome physical death. That is a free gift to 
all.

28. There is a second death, even a spiritual death. This death is a separation 
from God. Before eating of the fruit, from the tree of knowledge of good and 
evil, Adam and Eve conversed with God daily. God taught them and spoke with them 
face to face.

29. As they partook of the fruit and broke a commandment of God, Adam and Eve 
were cast out from the Garden of Eden. They were cut off from God and His 
presence.

30. This is the spiritual death. This is the second death we are placed into 
because of our sins. By this death, we are unable to return to the presence of 
God, we too are cut off. No unclean thing can dwell in God's presence.

31. Jesus experienced this death. On the cross, He called out, Father why has 
thou forsaken me? In order to fully atone for our sins, Christ had to suffer 
everything.

32. By His suffering the law could be fullfilled and grace was allowed to take 
its place in the world, making up for the gap which we cannot close ourselves.

33. It is by grace we are saved. We can try all we want. No matter how hard we 
try, we are unable to satisfy that which jusice requires.

34. This is why a Savior was planned upon before the beginning of the world. It 
was understood we could not do anything by oursevles. Someone had to be sent to 
die for our sins. Thus justice could be satisifed.

35. We must do our part. It is up to us to follow Christ, to repent of our sins 
and do the best we can do. It will never be enough, for the grace of Jesus must 
be made manifest.

36. Knowing our sins, trials, pain, suffering, and anguish in this life; Jesus 
is the only one who is able to save us. It is through Him that we are made 
alive. It is through Him that we can be made whole.

37. To boast of ourselves is wrong. To say we are able to do all things by 
ourselves is to ignore what Christ did for us and put it as naught. Jesus Christ 
did not die in vain. There is purpose in His suffering for us.

38. Jesus is our advocate with our Heavnly Father. We get to the Father though 
Him who was crucified for our sins.

39. Christ's atonement is eternal. He died for the sins of everyone who has 
walked this Earth and who will walk this Earth to the end of time. We are His.

40. Throughout all of this, Christ could have attempted to take the glory for 
what He did. But He did not. As was discussed in the beginning, Jesus gives all 
the glory and honor to God.

41. We must have continued faith in Christ. By faith are miracles brought to 
pass. It is by faith in Him, the Holy One of Israel, that we are forgiven of our 
sins. All things are done by faith.

42. There are times when we do not feel like we are worthy of Christ's love and 
atonement. yes there are times when we don't feel worthy of God's love and 
attention.

43. It is during those times when we must hold steadfast to the gospel of Jesus 
Christ. We must continually pray to our Father in heaven through Christ who is 
mighty to save.

44. During those times when we feel there is no hope, that we are to be 
swallowed by pits of darkness down to Hell, we must call upon God and pray like 
never before.

45. God is there for you. He hears your prayers. he knows of your concerns. God 
wants to hear from you. You are His sons and daughters.

46. It is said that God will not forsake us. This is true. It is us who turn our 
backs on God. The reasons vary.

47. We must become as a little child. I see this as putting all of our trust in 
God, our faith in Christ. We are then able to listen and learn. We can have the 
comfort of the Holy Ghost. We will gain a testimony of the truth of all things 
as was promised. Then we can know of a surety that God listens to and answers 
our prayers.

48. It is by faith we are brought to repentence. For if a man has faith to be 
forgiven of his sins, He will look to Christ who is mighty to save.

49. Repentence is necessary to bring one unto baptism. Through repentence, we 
can be forgiven of our sins. We acknowledge what we have done wrong and seek 
forgiveness through the atonement of Jesus Christ.

50. By baptism our sins are washed clean. We are buried in the water and come 
out of the water as a new creature of Christ.

51. Baptism is also symbolic of the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus 
Christ. It is a sign unto God that we are willing to take upon us the name of 
Jesus Christ and live as he would have us live.

52. In turn, God grants unto us the Gift of the Holy Ghost. It is through this 
gift we are taught the testimony of Jesus. This gift helps us to do what is 
right.

53. We promise to life up those who stand in need of comfort. To help those who 
have hard times in this life to be with them, and to act as Christ would act.

54. Jesus taught the two great commandments. We are to Love the Lord our God, 
and to love one another.

55. Part of these commandments is to forgive all men no matter what they do unto 
us. We are to turn our cheek.

56. Jesus came to fulfill the law of Moses. Animal sacrifice was taught for the 
repentence process and for a remission of sins.

57. A final great sacrifice would need to be made. This sacrifice would not be 
of animal or man. The sacrifice would need to be an eternal lasting sacrifice.

58. Christ was born of a mortal mother and an immortal father. Thus He met the 
requirement to lay down His life and to take it up again.

59. No one could take the Savior's life from Him. Upon the cross Christ stated 
in prayer to His father it is finished. Into thy hands I commend my spirit. At 
that moment it is said, He gave up the Ghost.

60. With His earthly ministry complete, Jesus could finally go home. He had 
finisehd the task laid out for Him to do by our Heavenly Father.

61.While in the Spirit World we learn Jesus taught the gosepl to the spirits of 
the just. It was there He organized a great missioanry force. Those souls would 
go into Spirit Prison to teach among those who needed to be taught the gospel.

62. Three days passed on Earth in darkness. Then came the resurrection of the 
Savior of the world. Jesus ministered unto those same apostles which who had 
followed Him before His death. He ministered for 40 days and gave unto them the 
Holy Ghost.

63. The Holy Ghost was promised by Christ as a comforter which would come.

64. At one meeting with His apostles the resurrected Lord ate fish and honey 
comb. This proved He was not simply a spirit but He has a resurrected body of 
flesh and bone.

65. Jesus came over to the American Continent to teach among the people.

66. Here in America, Jesus blessed the little children. Instituted the 
sacrament. Taught baptism. Taught the people how to pray. He gathered twelve 
disciples here in the Americas.

67. Thus he fulfilled His words of there being other sheep of whom would be 
ministered to.

68. Also we see the great love our Father in heaven has spread to all nations, 
kindred, tongues, and people. God is no respector of persons. He loves and cares 
about all of His children equally.

69. Through comparing the teachings of Christ on two sides of the world, we can 
see the doctrine is the same. Why wouldn't it be the same? It is the same gospel 
wherever you go. Proving God does not change. He is the same yesterday, today, 
and forever.

70. Throughout time, good men of God have been killed. They seal the testimony 
of Jesus with their blood. The killing of the prophets and apostles meant the 
Church of Christ was eventually taken from the Earth.

71. This even is known as the great apostasy. It was prophesied by the prophet 
Amos. There would be a famine. It would not be an earthly famine, but a 
spiritual one where people would seek the word of God and not find it.

72. These dark ages as it were brought about churches made of men. Pastors and 
preachers who would teach people the Gospel of Jesus and mingle in whatever they 
felt was needed.

73. The pure and true Gospel of Jesus Christ was not to be found on the Earth. 
There were sprinklings of truth to be had among all of the religions, but no one 
had all of the truth. It was simply not available.

74. A boy by the name of Joseph Smith sought the truth. He wanted to knkow which 
church to join. Reading the bible one night, Joseph came across a scripture.

75. The scripture said if you lack wisdom, ask God. Joseph intended to do just 
that.

76. Going into a grove of trees, Joseph prayed. His prayers were answered. God 
and Jesus came to Joseph Smith in what is called The First Vision.

77. They indicated that Joseph should not join any of the churches for they were 
all corrupt. They claimed to be of God, but God was not found in any of them.

78. Over the remainder of this life, Joseph Smith was an instrument of God to 
bring the Church of Jesus Christ back to the earth.

79. A grand restoration took place. The same church which had been taken from 
the earth came back to the earth.

80. It is truely a restoration of all things. Jesus Christ is at the head of the 
church. He guides the work forward through living prophets and apostles in these 
the latter days.
