+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                          Monday Apr 2, 2018 |
|                                                                             |
| The Life Of One                                              Kyle Eggleston |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

  Life happens without your own understanding of it. There's no question about 
it. Life happens you get destroyed. Long before anyone else actually grasps or 
understands exactly what is going on. I mean think about it. Life happens. It 
happens so often we don't really know or understand what's going on.
  If you were to take a step back. Do it. Take a step back and take a look 
around you. What do you see? Tell me. What all do you see and understand and 
grasp what is going on around you? Can you do it? Why or why not?
  Yes I want you to think outside the box. Do it. Do it now. So what comes about 
because of it all? Are there things in life where you cannot understand or grasp 
anything? Why or why not? Are you able to distinguish what is real and what is 
not? Do you have the ability to understand and grasp depth of mind and soul?
  Talk about a mind bender, if you will. Perhaps that isn't the correct term for 
it, but if it is? Well there you have it.
  I know what people will say about this document. It lacks substance. It lacks 
depth, even though I just told you to have depth. What it lacks, I expect you to 
come up with on your own. Your mind, as it were, is meant to see and read 
between the lines. That is all which matters most.
  Up until now, I have introduced you to filler text. My apologies. If you are 
still reading this? I am truely sorry. The key to it all, I suppose is an 
exercise of the mind. If you are willing, I will explore the depths at which I 
promised from the beginning. Shall we? Then let's do it.

1. We are not actually here
  Now I can hear it now. This man is mad. This man has no clue what he is 
saying. That might be true, that could be the case. But hear me out. You are not 
actually there sitting and reaading this document. That is because you are the 
imagination of some higher being. No, nothing like the movie "The Matrix", 
people actually existed, their minds allowed the simulation to feel real.
  You are but a puppet. An actor in the mind of an author, a poet, a song 
writer, perhaps an artist. That is all you are. You are a dream, a thought 
process. Someone thought you up and you exist because of it.
  Is that such a difficult concept to grasp? Why cannot people simply understand 
that as their reality and take it for what it is? The question is a simple one, 
the answer could be more complex. There are no physical gaps in reality. They 
are here for a reason and we shall eventually find them out.

2. The artist doesn't care about you
  I stated that we are masterpieces, works of art as it were. They do not care 
about you in the slightest. Those babies that get born but die at a young age? 
The artist has deemed that thought to be irrelevant, and so they go away. 
Quietly away never to be heard from again.
  The people who die an old age? Oh the actors as it were have sung their last 
performance, danced their last dance. They have been escorted off state never to 
be seen from or heard from again. Death has meaning in this context.
  People are moved aside in order to make room for new ideas and concepts. We 
have interpreted the going away of people as a way to cope with it all. In some 
aspects, we put a figurative being in the sky known to many as God as the 
surpreme head of it all. Why blame the artist when you can blame an invisible 
man in the sky. Makes sense right?

3. Everything has been planned out
  When the artist sat down to create you, his new creation, he had to plan 
everything out accordingly. He even knows how he will dispose of you. How does 
that make you feel? Your life is determined at the moment of realization.
  You think you're taking steps with your life, you aren't. With everything 
being planned out you really have no control over anything whatsoever. The 
illusion of being in control is there, but in reality there is no control.
  If one can accept that as their reality, life will be so much easier to grasp 
and understand. Until then one is simply locked inside a cage within the artists 
imagination. Most people don't ever break free. It's a shame.
