+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                          Friday Apr 6, 2018 |
|                                                                             |
|If You See A Smile                                            Kyle Eggleston |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

  Life has the ability to make people frown. Smiling isn't always an option. 
There are so many possibilities out there and not everyone sees it. Sometimes 
you just don't have the ability to smile. People think there's something wrong 
with that. There's nothing wrong with crying or feeling emotions. Emotions have 
the ability to allow a form of release.
  Finding something to smile about is difficult. So, you just have to keep on 
pushing forward. Eventually something will come along, right? It has to. The 
term "fake it till you make it" comes to mind.
  Have you ever been so naive about something where you just believe anything 
and everything that comes your way, because you're told to believe? Have faith 
as it were. If that's all there is to life? Then why bother with even trying to 
do it? You'll just automatically do it.
  There's something unsettling about this. I can't place my finger on it 
absolutely, but well it's a thing. It's there right?
  Critical thinking is a big no no. Can't be doing that, that will destroy you 
in the long run. You have to be faithful and have faith in something you just 
cannot see. You have to believe it is something, it was there long before you 
were even created/born, and you have to believe. Why is it so difficult to 
believe in such things? Is it more a belief than anything else? Can you see why 
it's difficult to smile some days?
  So many things are frowned upon these days. If you don't align yourself 
directly within the bounds set, you are declared unfit. There are so many things 
to question. Yet it's okay to have questions but you cannot openly ask them. You 
won't get an answer from people. They will tell you, you don't have enough faith 
and you have to double down and forget your doubts.
  For an answer of just believe, the truth will come to you eventually. What 
happens if it doesn't? I mean, a person can go throughout their whole life 
without finding they believe in something, can't they? I remember saying to 
someone 18 years ago "How can I tell them I know it's true if I don't believe it 
myself? It's kinda difficult!" They nodded, didn't say anything to me, but just 
nodded. I don't know if they understood what I was saying or not.
  Maybe it doesn't matter. It's a possibility right? Oh to go back in time when 
I wasn't so cynical. Is that even a thing? Is it possible to go back to a time 
in life where you were so ... dumb and believed everything you were told without 
question? How does a person go back to that point in time? Is that were I will 
find the smiling again?
  I don't blame anyone but myself, it's that simple. I think? Maybe? I don't 
know anymore. Amnesia would work here. Just forget everything you've ever been 
taught and start fresh. A coma might work that way too. But we can't do that. 
It's not an option and not allowed. So, one must figure out a way to get through 
this life without any of that ability to change.
  We're told to grow and grasp onto truths which are eternal. Well the more you 
study, the more questions arise, so you study more. Eventually you're in a place 
where you're not sure where you got there. You're stuck and don't know which 
direction to turn and go.
  Talk about annoying.
  But you have to remember to smile. if you don't? What will you do?
