                          I Don't Know What This Is
                               Kyle Eggleston
                                May 28, 2018

  Shall we compare this life to that which should not be compared? I dare
say we are within our bounds to attempt such a thought process. It is not
our entire fault to want that which is beyond our grasp. But what is that?
Well, that is different for everyone. Not everyone has the same reaction to
such a thought process. Some don't grasp or understand any of it. Others
have a bit of an understanding about it. To understand that which is to be
understood is a gift.
  If you do not fully understand something, that is quite okay too. There's
no problem with any of that. This life will continue. There's no reason to
be afraid of such a thought. Ideas come and go, everything has the ability
to start and stop on a whim. Either you accept that now, or you wait until
there is no reason anymore to try.
  So what becomes of the issues at hand? You know the ones, those issues
which you keep at the back of your mind. What happens to all of those issues
and problems which come across your way, your desk, your life? What happens
to all of those things which you once thought you were able to live without.
  Is that a difficult question? I'm not sure. There could be so many options
in this life and to be able to grasp one of those, one single option, you
will need to be able to try to understand something of it all. Even if it is
a bit, a tiny piece of information. You are making an attempt.
  An attempt. What is an attempt? It's more than just sitting there waiting
for something to happen. You have to actually try whatever is on your mind.
If you don't try? Where will you be. There are so many people on this Earth,
so many people who have lived before and who are yet to live.
  There are so many concerns in this life. Each concern is a valid one.
People come and go in and out of your life. There's no going back once they
are gone. That's the way this whole ball of wax melts together. Where there
is end there is a beginning, it all melts together until it cannot melt any
further. You cannot see where it all begins and where the end starts. It is
one.
  People worry about what if's a lot. If I do x, y, and z, what will happen?
That's where trying comes in. You have to at least try. Then you will be
able to have a knowledge of what will happen, for you have taken that step
in life. Is it easy? No, it's not always easy. Some choices are easy, but
other choices are not. That's where a truth might come in handy.
  The truth is this.
  You must try. It might be scary, but you must try.